update: screencopy documentation in Linux Overview (#3144)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/os/linux-overview.md

> ### Permission Controls

Reviewer: Thank you for your contribution, @WavyEbuilder! Yes, I recall @RoyalOughtness commenting on a [previous pull request](https://github.com/privacyguides/privacyguides.org/pull/2690#issuecomment-3229000147) that this section is now outdated. I just haven't had some dedicated time to look into what has changed, so thanks again for this PR!

> Desktop environments (DEs) that support the [Wayland](https://wayland.freedesktop.org) display protocol are [more secure](https://lwn.net/Articles/589147) than those that only support X11. However, misconceptions about its security model are commonplace. Applications outside of sandboxes (such as Flatpak) are free to perform privileged actions such as screencapture, either by overwriting the portal permission store, or making use of privileged Wayland protocols. It is recommended that a sandbox that supports both `security-context-v1` as well as filtering dbus protocols is used: Flatpak[^1] supports both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Desktop environments that support the [Wayland](https://wayland.freedesktop.org) display protocol are [more secure](https://lwn.net/Articles/589147) than those that only support X11. Moreover, we _generally_ recommend installing and using applications which are sandboxed such as those obtained via Flatpak. Flatpak supports the [`security-context-v1`](https://github.com/flatpak/flatpak/pull/4920) protocol and the ability to filter D-Bus protocols, which allow Flatpak to properly identify apps for the purpose of sandboxing them through permission controls. Conversely, applications outside sandboxes are free to perform privileged actions such as capturing your screen, either by [overwriting the portal permission store](https://invent.kde.org/plasma/xdg-desktop-portal-kde/-/issues/7#note_1112260), or [making use of privileged Wayland protocols](https://github.com/swaywm/sway/pull/7648#issuecomment-2507730794).
```
Sorry for the inactivity, @WavyEbuilder. I haven't had time to research this until now. I reformatted your section to make the wording more explicit and added more links to support your point about unsandboxed apps. What do you think?

> [^1]: [common: add support for Wayland security context](https://github.com/flatpak/flatpak/commit/f0e626a4b60439f211f06d35df74b675a9ef42f4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: This exposes a reliable way for Wayland compositors to get identifying information about a client. Compositors can then apply security policies if desirable. [https://github.com/flatpak/flatpak/commit/f0e626a4b60439f211f06d35df74b675a9ef42f4](https://github.com/flatpak/flatpak/commit/f0e626a4b60439f211f06d35df74b675a9ef42f4)
```
